# scotian-scout

This is the source file for ECMM 6000 Assignment #2

CASE DESCRIPTION

Scotian Scout is a fictional company based on a true story. Mariam
(“Mim” for short), the fictional founder, is a recent business
graduate from a university in Nova Scotia. Mim recognized an
e-commerce opportunity equipping newcomers to the province with goods
and support that make it easier to settle here. Newcomers, whether
travelling here for work or for study, often don’t have strong local
knowledge. Her idea was to start a blog with local insight, and to
offer an e-commerce storefront with goods that make it easier to
settle here.

Mim believes that search engine marketing targeted at people who want
to immigrate to Nova Scotia can be cheaper and more effective than any
other advertising method. For the goods sells through her site, Mim
plans to keep no stock, but simply connect the newcomers with the
existing channels. Scotian Scout is thus essentially a “dropshipping”
operation and has very low operation costs save for Mim’s time. Mim
believes that people would be willing to purchase travel guides from
her website, but she also believes that her readers could be
interested in sourcing novelties.

Mim currently has no e-commerce website and has limited funds. Before
investing money, she decides to test her hypothesis by creating a mock
website and seeing if she can direct traffic using her marketing
techniques. She created a simple HTML website served on CARET, and
hopes to drive her blog traffic to this site to test her
hypotheses. However, when trying to manage the site, she messed up her
server. It is your job to fix it, assess and implement her e-commerce
strategy.
